# On locally factorial Fano fourfolds of Picard number two

A database of the locally factorial Fano fourfolds of Picard number two that admit an effective action of a three-dimensional torus.

For more information on the provided data see [arXiv:2402.07169](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.07169).

## Description

The columns of the provided csv-files are labeled as follows:
- **ID**: The ID of the fourfold $X$ or of the series within the classification. Numbered 1 through 447 and S1 through S106.
- **s**: The number of distinct rays $\rho_1,\dots,\rho_s$ generated by the generator degrees $w_1,\dots,w_7$.
- **constellation**: The tuple $(n_1,\dots,n_s)$, where $n_i$ is the number of generator degrees contained in the ray $\rho_i$.
- **Q**: Grading matrix of the Cox Ring of $X$.
- **mu**: The degree $\mu = {\rm deg}(g) \in \mathbb{Z}^2$ of the relation $g$. In case of the series S1 to S106 this may contain one or more parameters.
- **-K**: The anticanonical class $-\mathcal{K} \in \mathbb{Z}^2$ of the fourfold $X$. In case of the series S1 to S106 this may contain one or more parameters.
- **K^4**: The anticanonical degree $\mathcal{X}^4$ of the fourfold $X$. Only appears in the table of the sporadic cases.
- **g**: The relation in the Cox ring of $X$. In case of the series S1 to S106 this may contain one or more parameters.
- **comments**: This field only appears in the table of the series. It contains the restrictions on the parameters appearing in the specifying data of the series.
